I am strong, smart and capable. I am good enough and worthy.
Today I will strive to do my best.
Everyday I am learning to become a better me.
I am excited for the possibilities that today holds.
I am fulfilling my purpose in this world. 
I will be productive and wise with my time today so I can achieve my goals.
I will be present in every moment.
Today is an opportunity to learn, grow, and to become a better version of myself.
Every day I am better than before.
My work enhances my life, but does not define who I am.
I am creating a work life that inspires and motivates me.
I am talented, ambitious and making my dreams come true.
I have the power to create all the success and prosperity I desire.
I am willing to put in the work needed to achieve my professional goals.
Today I will attract success, abundance and well-being.
I am consistent in my work. Every day I deliver something of value.
I am the author of my own success story.
I can accomplish anything through hard work, dedication and focus.
Success begins with my mindset and I choose to remain positive.
My ability to conquer any challenge is limitless. My potential for success is infinite.
I can overcome any challenge that comes my way.
I use challenges to create new opportunities.
I will focus on the things I can control and let go of what I can’t.
I am imperfect and that is OK.
I am thankful I have a job and a career path I am passionate about.
I handle stressful situations with wisdom and clarity.
I exhale negative energy and inhale calmness.
Pressure situations bring out the best in me.
I have navigated more stressful situations than this and will navigate my way through this one as well.
I’m not feeling my best today and that is OK. The work will be there tomorrow and tomorrow is a new day.
I am worthy, no matter what I do or don’t accomplish today.
To be positive is to be productive.
I am letting go of my fears and anxiety.
I will not let failures stop me from my goals. 
I am adept at handling any situation and will not let this overwhelm me.
This too shall pass.
It is okay to make mistakes. Every misstep is a learning opportunity.
I choose to react positively to challenging situations.
I will move beyond my anxiety through patience and courage.
I will avoid negative self-talk and focus on self-care today.
Only good things will flow into my life today and I am claiming it.
I am creating the life I want both personally and professionally.
Today and every day, I will make time to work towards career and personal success.
It’s okay to relax and reset after a long day. Rest is not a luxury, but a priority.
I am comfortable saying ‘no’ in order to prioritize myself and those most important to me.
I will keep my work at work.
I know that living a balanced life includes taking time to do nothing at all.
My job does not define my worth or who I am.
I take time throughout the day for breaks.
I make time for my family and friends because they are important to me and make me happy.
I have a positive impact on people around me.
I respect myself, so others may respect me.
I am an inspiring mentor to those around me.
I am blessed to have a colleague like [fill in the blank]!
I sense love and support from my colleagues.
My team is creative and inspires me to achieve success.
My colleagues and I work together to reach our goals.
I can achieve anything with the help of my team.
I am surrounded by smart, capable and supportive individuals.
My coworkers bring out the best in me.
I sense love and support from my colleagues.
I treat everyone with respect, even when it’s challenging to do.
Even in negative situations, I am committed to finding the positive within it.
This person will not derail my day, my goals, or my attitude.
It is okay to set boundaries when dealing with difficult individuals.
I cannot control others’ actions. I can only control how I respond and will do so in a productive and respectful manner.
I will remain calm even when dealing with difficult people or situations.
I can interact with difficult colleagues without taking things personally and getting upset.
I will use this experience to deepen my understanding of others and improve my professional relationships.
I am comfortable speaking honestly and openly with my colleagues and they feel the same way towards me.
I am open to opportunities.
I embrace change seamlessly and rise to the new opportunity it presents.
I can do great things. 
I am ready for this next step in my career and excited to learn as much as possible.
I am confident to speak up and share my ideas and talent.
I will step out of my comfort zone and view every day as a learning opportunity.
I have unique gifts and talents that are a perfect match for my new job position.
This new job is a positive career alignment and aligns with my overall career goals.
Not all change is negative. This new role is a positive change that I am embracing wholeheartedly.
I am grateful for this new job, new experiences, and new colleagues. This is a fresh start and my time to shine.
My energy will attract the right career opportunity for me.
I am a valuable asset to any company.
I have the skills needed to excel in this role and am their ideal candidate.
I give myself permission to go after what I want.
I am calm, confident and will highlight my impressive qualifications during this interview.
I will answer questions thoughtfully and am excited to engage in a meaningful exchange about this role.
I have a unique perspective and will eloquently communicate my ideas.
I have confidence in my abilities and I believe in myself.